First part:So I'm gonna give you a script that I had given you before, and I want you to give me, basically, what was said in the script, but with the minor difference of that being for the process of, you know, that same script being prioritized this time for getting me through the path of creating a 3D and 2D game engine, and, yeah, preferably with C++ and Lua for DirectX 9 till 12, Vulkan, and OpenGL, of course. Like, a kind of game engine that supports all of these as graphics APIs, and obviously is optimized in the same manner as optimized as the engine, like, used for Dying Light. That's like the kind of, like, the example for how optimized I want it to be and The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt, of course. Like that kind of optimization. Like that's the optimization, let's say, ideal that we're gonna be hitting with this. And it's obviously, you know, more focused towards an open world, but I want it to also have the same level of accessibility as the general-purpose game engines. I'm not certain if that should be mostly in its level editor, but yeah, I want to, I want it to also possibly have parts for specifically, like, modeling something in it, such as how Unreal Engine 5 does it. Obviously, it's not going to be so much focused on it, but I want to basically learn everything that's connected to this game engine and all the processes that people think and take care of when creating the game engine so that it supports, like, the audio devices, the graphics cards, and runs optimized, and, you know, all the things that would be a concern. When I give you the prompt, you will see what I want there. Right now, don't give me any list. You're gonna see the prompt, and then mix it, you know, according to what I said here. Give me the ultimate list. So, right now, just tell me, give me the prompt when you're ready.

Second part:The prompt was"No, no, no. I would appreciate books in the set fields. I mean, you already know I do have some books regarding networks, such as Computer Networking, Top-Down Approach, and Computer Networks by Andrew Tannenbaum, but, you know, the Tannenbaum book, it's a great reference, but I just, I don't think anyone feels like reading that whole thing. And it doesn't go into details much in a general fluid understanding way that would get you, that could get you working on something, you know, that way. So I would appreciate some books on this field as well. Like, I do know a little HTML CSS from W3 schools mixed with some videos of an online course that I watched. But I'm not a video guy. That's what I've learned the hard way. But I definitely, I'm definitely into books, but these are the subjects that seem to be usually covered in courses and videos again, unfortunately. So I was thinking you could suggest me something. I already had some thoughts. It was this book that was pretty old and hard to find for me, at least. I believe it was Programming World Wide Web by the Deitel Brothers. I've always loved the Deitel Brothers books. They kind of cover every, all the basics. I'm not certain if it mentions that. I believe it just gives the basics of different aspects of it. But yeah, like, first question, does this computer networking top-down approach actually cover this subject? And, you know, just answer yes or no here with a little extra information on how much, but not too much. And then, give me a number of books that would, you know, you have to teach this site regarding the backend programming for full stack programming, a beginner book. I mean, I kind of know again, I do kind of know the frontend programming, kind, I don't say fully, like at the level of, you know, just having a creating a grid system and all that, but it's not using jQuery or JavaScript yet. And I have like a little understanding of JavaScript, just to the point that, you know, like, it's a programming language and a little bit of a syntax, you know, the kind that you develop after, you know, already knowing the language, but not much. So I would kind of appreciate something that would get me into the full stack development and make me a kind of like a roadmap of books in order that makes me ready for that as well. Because, I mean, for obvious reasons, I'm asking you different lists for different purposes for developing pretty much a core and job-ready knowledge of each aspect that I deem as important. Obviously, the system has always been one of the main focuses as it helps with the rest of the story, but it's good to know which, like, ways and certainly, I mean, full stack development is the one that I'm going to focus on for my job, probably. Like, where I'm gonna find the job in for this full stack development, but then I also have these different knowledge. I know assembly from my self project, from my big projects in my head, invention level, you know. As Terry A. Davis used to say, divine intellect level projects. Yeah, I would appreciate that.
A:Got it. This helps a lot — and yeah, your instincts here are solid. You’re basically asking:
“Where do HTTP, JSON, APIs, backend logic actually get taught in books, and how do I build a book-only roadmap toward job-ready full-stack?”
Let’s do this cleanly and engineering-style, not course-style." I want the same kinda prompt(same general approach) BUT for a the subject that was mentioned (the game engine and the details I mentioned in the previous response... one that also supports multiplayer, coop and mo cap on top of all the propeties and priorities mentioned in previous response) So gimme the list of the books while considering my somewhat eh C/C++ knowledge (Read K&R fully, C Dietel pretty close to complete but C++ only read Dietel till Operator overload and explicit and forgot how explicit worked + a little bit of inhertiance NO INDUSTRy ish serious experience in coding in either, just my own lil shenanigan such as
www.github.com/ADSkeptik
apps) also only BARELY know OpenGL or WinAPI NO knowledge with Direct X or Vulkan. Not industry ish level familiarity with UML either (Since that'll prolly be an issue for such a big goal). Just give me the book roadmap in the same way in phases all the books I need to achieve the titanic goal.